Add DebugBear guide (#1721)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now.mdx

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import DeploySection from '~/components/guides/deploy-section'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Monitor front-end performance with DebugBear and ZEIT Now',
  description:
    'Automatically test each deployment and report results to GitHub',
  published: '2020-03-27T12:00:00Z',
  authors: ['mattzeunert'],
  url: '/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now',
  image: 'TODO',
  editUrl:
    'pages/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2020-03-28T09:26:49.000Z'
}

[DebugBear](https://www.debugbear.com/) is a website monitoring tool that helps developers keep track of site performance and [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) scores.

This guide explains how to set up continuous monitoring for your production site, as well as automatic testing of each deployment.

## Step 1: Deploy with ZEIT Now

<DeploySection meta={meta} />

## Step 2: Install the DebugBear ZEIT integration

> Go to the [DebugBear integration](https://zeit.co/integrations/debugbear) in the ZEIT Integrations Marketplace and add it to your account.

Author: Do you think there should be screenshots here? Or is it too trivial?

Same question for the GitHub section further down.

Reviewer: I always like a couple of screenshots, generally much more engaging.

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { Image } from '~/components/media'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import DeploySection from '~/components/guides/deploy-section'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Monitor front-end performance with DebugBear and ZEIT Now',
  description:

>     'Automatically test each deployment and report results to GitHub',

Author: Testing the deployment does not depend on GitHub, and "test each deployment made ... in a GitHub repository" sounds like it's quite tied to GitHub.

Let me know about the layout feedback you had and I'll rethink the subheading.

>     'Automatically test each deployment and report results to GitHub',

Author: Changed to "Automatically test each ZEIT deployment and report performance changes to GitHub" for now.

>     'Automatically test each deployment and report results to GitHub',

Reviewer 2: Sounds great. Could we add a full-stop just for my grammatical urge? 😅

  published: '2020-03-27T12:00:00Z',
  authors: ['mattzeunert'],
  url: '/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now',

>   image: 'TODO',

Author: Added it to the repo now 👍

  editUrl:
    'pages/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2020-03-29T11:49:10.000Z'
}

[DebugBear](https://www.debugbear.com/) is a website monitoring tool that helps developers keep track of site performance and [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) scores.

This guide explains how to set up continuous monitoring for your production site, as well as automatic testing of each deployment.

> ## Step 1: Deploy with ZEIT Now

Author: Good point about "deploy" not being quite right.

"Import" sounds a bit odd to me, it sounds like users are expected to have an existing project and then import it into ZEIT. When I expect usually they'd have a project fully set up or are starting from scratch and creating the repo with ZEIT.

> ## Step 1: Deploy with ZEIT Now

Reviewer 2: Hmm, good point. I think let's leave it a little bit vague for users to decide on its context.

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/debugbear-integration.png`}
  width={1206 / 2}
  height={416 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>DebugBear in the ZEIT integration marketplace.</Caption>

You'll need to select the account or team your ZEIT project belongs to, and will then be redirected to the DebugBear website.

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/select-zeit-team.png`}
  width={1300 / 2}
  height={1226 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Grant DebugBear access to the account that your website belongs to.</Caption>

## Step 3: Set up a DebugBear account

If you don't have a DebugBear account already, click **Create account** to automatically sign up with your ZEIT email address. Otherwise you can continue with your existing account.

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/debugbear-signup.png`}
  width={1216 / 2}
  height={780 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Sign up to DebugBear with your ZEIT email address, or use an existing account.</Caption>

> Select which of your ZEIT projects you'd like to monitor and click **Set up**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select which of your ZEIT projects you would like to monitor and click **Set up**.
```

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/select-zeit-project.png`}
  width={816 / 2}
  height={406 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Pick which ZEIT site you want to monitor.</Caption>

> DebugBear will automatically start monitoring the project homepage and up to 3 other pages on your site. It may take a few minutes for results to come in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DebugBear will automatically start monitoring your projects homepage and up to 3 other pages on your site.

<Note>It may take a few minutes for reports to come in.</Note>
```

> By default these pages are tested once a day from a US-based server, but you can change these settings later. You can also add additional pages you'd like to monitor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default these pages are tested once a day from a US-based server, but you can change these settings later. Additionally, you can add any extra pages you would like to monitor.
```

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/continuous-monitoring.png`}
  width={1067 / 2}
  height={727 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>DebugBear dashboard showing daily monitoring data.</Caption>

### Testing ZEIT deployments

DebugBear will automatically test each deployment in the ZEIT project you selected during setup.

You can see test results for your deployment in any of these places:

- On the integration configuration page on ZEIT
- In the project Builds tab on DebugBear
- Posted to a [Slack](https://www.debugbear.com/docs/slack-integration#api-builds) channel

> - On GitHub (see below)

Reviewer 2: See is ableist language 🙏 
```suggestion
- Or, on GitHub (described in [Step 4](#step-4:-report-build-statuses-to-github))
```

<Image
  src={`${
    process.env.ASSETS
  }/guides/monitoring-front-end-performance-with-debugbear-and-zeit-now/zeit-builds.png`}
  width={1330 / 2}
  height={666 / 2}
  oversize
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Viewing build results on the ZEIT integration configuration page</Caption>

<Note type="success" label="hint">
  If you see a drop in your SEO score this may be because DebugBear is comparing

>   a preview deployment that's blocked from indexing to the production site.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  a preview deployment, that's blocked from indexing, to the production site.
```
